updated faq (#1983)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/faq.md

# FAQ

### 1. Is lakeFS open source?

> lakeFS is completely free and open source and licensed under the [Apache 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) License. We maintain a public [product roadmap](https://docs.lakefs.io/understand/roadmap.html) and [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/lakefs/shared_invite/zt-ks1fwp0w-bgD9PIekW86WF25nE_8_tw) for open discussions.

Reviewer: I think you should use https://lakefs.io/slack for the Slack link, which is automatically updated with the invite token.

### 2. How does lakeFS data versioning work?

> lakeFS uses a copy-on-write mechanism. An object that did not change will invoke a metadata operation in lakeFS and an object that changed will be copied-on-wrote creating another version of the data and its corresponding metadata. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lakeFS uses a copy-on-write mechanism to avoid data duplication. For example, creating a new branch is a metadata-only operation: no objects are actually copied. Only when an object changes does lakeFS create another version of the data in the storage. For more information, see [Data Model](https://docs.lakefs.io/understand/data-model.html).
```
